HallDay season AKA Spot the guy/girl in Black&white

RP
Believe it or not - even Ripleys vouches for it - these are Kharagpur's gentlemen, by choice. All of them. Despite the random allotment. What are the odds? 

Watch out for : 60 scintillating years




MT
As the new UG girls' hall, it's trying to redefine itself on the campus map. 
Also used as the other entrance to SN. 

Watch out for : The "spirited" crowd. The hallday with probably the maximum footfall. 


Really watch out for : Flying furniture. Yes. Really.

RK
The most "well endowed" hall, thanks to VG. 

Watch out for: The wall graffiti. 


MS
They have been one year away from becoming the next big thing. For the past seven years.
Watch out for : The 'Rising Kings'. Of what, you ask? Hmmm...

LLR
From their website
"Lajpatians seek an opportunity to excel at everything.." Hmm. "... a cricket ground and the best music room in the entire campus " Okay. "LLR's lions have never failed to shine.." Erm? "LLR's mess is unofficially the best mess in the institute." BWHAHAHAHA.

Watch our for: 


Azad
Khoj, 



Patel
Grand old men of the campus. Trivia : Did you know that their hall motto is "lux et veritas vincant"? Here's looking at hereyou, Patelians. 

Watch out for : The poltu virus that might infect you with election fever.




Nehru
Nehruite, Nehruite.
Yes senior.
Peace Maaroing?
No senior.
Telling lies?
No senior.
Open your mouth! 
Yo Nehru!

Watch out for: The cheese chotai at Aseems. 


LBS
A commercial, mass produced, one-size-fit-all-solution to the burgeoning population. Reference applies to both the hall and its residents.

Watch out for: The oodles of first year louve! 




HJB
From a fledgling hall -> first choice of single-room-rejects of senior halls -> "Abe! Insti ka baap kaun hai?"
Watch out for : The hexagonal architecture. It makes sure your dance moves on the rain-dance-floor are visible to everyone.



SN/IG
Amongst all halls/departments/societies, this one has the highest bandi ratio in the campus.
Watch out for : The cleanest rooms, hallday or not. Also, flashmob? Please? Please please?
